well I really wish that I could be with
you whenever I have a chance to go home
it really is home that's where I grew up
and those of you who might know a bit of
my research realized that medical
devices just have to be a critical
impetus or enabler to transform what is
now only probabilistic medicine or and
certainly expensive medicine medical
devices have to just get better and more
effective because they're the mechanism
by which physicians can
can provide better and better solutions
at lower lower and lower costs and so
that
md for is a theme of your conference i
think is a very well place because it's
it's just critical for the to solving
the problems in etiquette medication
it's just so critical to solve this to
solving the cost and quality problems in
american
in
medicine
I learned an insight about inflation as
I have studied the problems of health
care and education and so on and one of
the elements from my my work is that
there are two broad categories of
innovation when we call sustaining an
innovation and one we call disruptive
innovation and sustaining innovation is
an innovation sometimes incremental
sometimes radical but its purpose is to
make better products that could be sold
for better profits to your best
customers disruptive innovation in
contrast makes a product that
historically was complicated and
expensive into something that is so much
more affordable and simple that people
with less skill can actually do
something in a very effective way
well it turns out that the the purpose
of sustaining innovations are the
factors that drive inflation in the
overall economy because it it's very
purpose is to drive prices up you know
if you're making I did a defibrillator
and you have a choice should we add more
features in it that will allow us to to
sell at a higher price to our best
customers or should we try to simplify
and have fewer features so that it just
goes to them the mainstream customer not
the best inside the company always the
higher price more complexity more
complex requirement will appear to be
more attractive to you too than simple
and so the very purpose of innovative of
sustaining innovation is to price just
to drive prices
so in computers everybody is trying to
sell their prices are their products at
higher and higher prices because that's
how they make money but the main drive
is to simplicity and the butt but
through disruption and so the
combination of the two means that the
computing industry has given us better
and better quality at lower and lower
prices in the medical industry we have
had no disruptive industry we've had
very little disruptive innovation but
rather it's just sustaining after
sustaining after sustaining innovation
and because you don't have this drive to
bring prices down all you have is
attempts to improve our profitability
yes that's in the United States
medicine cut goes up ten to twelve of
ten eleven or twelve percent per year
because our sustaining is all that we do
and we need to especially the medical
device industry is the technology that
will enable disruption and that's it's
really critical you can't you cannot you
can't make
you can't solve the product price
problem the cost problem in any other
way it's not intuitive at the beginning
that simple more affordable products
actually cause people to do more of them
and but the growth opportunities are not
making more complicated products as much
as they are simplifying products and so
what that means is and devices that
enable me to do in outpatient settings
things that formerly had to be done in a
hospital and do it begin doing things in
doctors offices that today have to be
done in an outpatient clinic and things
that can be done in the home instead of
having to go to an office or technology
that enables general practitioner
physicians to do things that
historically require more expensive
specialists the ability of nurse
practitioners to begin doing things that
today require Murdock
it is enabling lower-cost venues of care
and lower-cost providers to be more
capable that's the mechanism by which
health care becomes affordable and
that's where the exciting growth
opportunities will occur and I don't
think that that understanding or the
language behind it is is nearly as well
understood as it needs to be
but I sure wish I could be with you that
this conference and I i would i would
wish you all of the luck but i don't
think you need luck i think you are in
all of the elements of the industry
probably the most exciting part of it
and and I just wish you Godspeed
you